♪ Deck the halls
with boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly ♪
♪ Don we now ♪
‐ Uh‐oh!
‐ Oh!
You see, this is what I hate
about Christmas.
Angie from the print shop
sent me a card
but I didn't send her one.
Now, I gotta go back
and fight those crowds
for another one of these.
Oh, no, you don't.
Watch and learn.
There you go,
a Christmas postcard.
Alright, my Herald Angel
our holiday prayers
have been answered.
Peace on Earth?
Uh, different prayer.
Um, due
to a last‐minute cancellation
I was able to rent
the rustic Canadian cabin
where I spent
many a boyhood Christmas.
‐ What?
‐ Oh, Overton.
Is that the same cabin
your family
used to caravan to every year?
All 11 of us.
Twelve, if you include
the plastic Santa
ridin' proudly atop
the lead LeSabre. Pff..
They actually let you
enter their country like that?
[chuckles]
The tragedy is
they let them return. Aha.
My heart fills
with the memories.
The savory turkey, Christmas
carols around the fire.
It was like livin'
in a Norman Rockwell painting
e‐except
without all the white people.
Anyway, hey, why don't y'all
come up there with us?
I mean, my family can't be there
but we'll still have a good
old‐fashioned Jones' Christmas.
Hey, I'm with it. I'm sick
of Christmas in the city.
Snow all covered with soot
and then
those department stores' Santas
tryin' to lure you
on to they lap.
Well, I'd love to join you
for this little Arctic romp
but I have plans
for a special Christmas getaway.
‐ Ha‐ha ha‐ha!
‐ Hm. Which cave would that be?
The Poconos.
The Matterhorn o'plenty
ski ‐lodge and buffet.
Well, ho‐ho‐hold up, Maxine.
You made Christmas plans
without telling me?
Well, I didn't want to insult
you with the Christmas getaway
Mr. Kwanzaa, but, uh,
if you'd like to tag along‐‐
No, no, no.
Kyle Barker
will not be spending Christmas
as an afterthought. Thank you.
Overton, I'm in.
Even though you did only ask me
a few minutes before girly did
but you..
I'd join you,
but I promised my mom
I'd join
her and her bowling buddies
for Christmas potluck
and five‐dollar grab bag.
Don't you people know a cry
for help when you hear one?
♪ We are living ♪
♪ Hey hey ♪
♪ Single ♪
♪ Ooh and in
a nineties kind of world ♪
♪ I'm glad I got my girls ♪
♪ Oh keep your head up ♪
♪ What? ♪
♪ Keep your head up ♪
♪ That's right ♪
♪ Whenever this life get tough
you gotta fight ♪
♪ With my home girls standing
to my left and my right ♪
♪ True blue
it's tight like glue ♪
♪ We are living ♪
♪ Check check check it out ♪
♪ Single ♪
♪ What you want
no free position girl ♪
♪ Haaa ♪
Yeah, by this time tomorrow
indoor plumbin',
TVs, and telephones
will be a distant memory.
They say snowplows seldom
venture up towards the cabin.
We could be snowed in for days
just like in that whacky film,
"The Shining."
Here's Obie.
You know, suddenly the picture
of Maxine goin' up a ski lift
with a turkey leg in her mouth
seems utterly appealing. Hm.
♪ Hark the Herald Angels sing ♪
♪ Ging gah
Glory to ♪
W‐w‐wait!
For a girl
who just broke off an engagement
you seem in a glorious mood.
What can I say? I'm happy.
I mean,
I'm not one of those girls
who needs a man hanging on her
arm like some kind of ornament.
[chuckles]
Ladies!
I would like for you
to meet my date
an actor I've grown
quite close to at the soap.
[chuckles]
His name is Tyler,
but he plays Brent.
Actually, my name is Brent
and I play Tyler.
[chuckles]
(both)
Ornament!
Here we are, people.
Welcome to our little retreat
from all things civilized.
‐ Ohh, right in here.
‐ Oh, yeah!
‐ 'This is sweet.'
‐ I don't believe this!
I mean, what happened
to my stuffed badger
and the wagon‐wheel sofa
and, uh, the hole in the wall
where we kids would throw
our turkey bones after dinner?
I don't know, but if you show me
where that badger was
I can hang a picture of Max.
[chuckles]
Overton, come here,
check this out.
Oh.
This is my little
childhood growth chart. Yeah.
"Overton, age six
"Overton, age seven.
Overton, age eight?"
Oh, yeah, that was the year
when I cut off my fro.
Now, Obie,
now, there's still a lot still
to smile about around here.
And you know what?
It'll be even better
when the snow falls.
Oh, girl,
I can't wait to go outside
and sculpt the nativity scene
out of snowman.
Only thing missing
will be Uncle Tibby.
A little too filled up
with holiday spirit
offerin' a swig of brandy
to the sheep.
The sheep.
Man, those stars
are twinklin' tonight.
Let's see how they twinkle
in your eyes, baby.
Aw! Aw!
‐ Whoo!
Whoo! Well, it has been
a long day. I'm gonna turn in.
[yawns]
I am right behind you.
I am so..
[chuckles]
I don't think so.
I only learned your real name
this morning.
You mean, this isn't a, uh
romantic rendezvous?
Well, my, my,
aren't we full of ourselves
for somebody who's about to be
written out of the soap.
Oops!
‐ Written out?
‐ Uh..
Let's just say that
my next few wardrobe assignments
called for you
to wear scuba gear
then a hospital gown
and then a toe tag.
I'm dead?
Just as I was about to inherit
my stepfather's
ill‐gotten riches.
I need a moment.
[door shuts]
♪ Deck the halls ♪
♪ With boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa la la la la ♪
[screaming]
‐ What's wrong?
‐ What‐what?
Oh, darlin'.
[screaming]
Man, you haven't lived
until you've chugged Asti
Spumante in a whirlpool tub.
Hey, everyone!
[laughs]
Maxine,
w‐what are you doin' here?
Well, those idiots at the
ski lodge lost my reservation.
So, I called the number
you left, hopped the flight
two bags of peanuts later,
voila!
[laughs]
Where's a good hijacker
when you need one?
Where's a good man
‐ Hey, look, let me‐‐
‐ Okay, alright!
You two are not gonna argue
the whole time you're here.
Are you?
Fine. I propose a pact.
For the next three days
there will be no yelling
there will be
no slamming of doors
not even an upraised finger
unless you do not think
you can handle it
little Ms. Flab Jaw.
I'm more than capable
of civility, you little cretin.
From now on..
...just this.
That gingerbread house
has been in the Jones family
for over 40 years.
[chuckles]
Stale as hell
but, isn't she a beaut?
Hot, spicy apple pancakes
for everyone.
And no one makes them fluffier
than you, sweet‐cake.
Hey, and no one squeezes
an orange like you.
Oh, come here,
let me squeeze you.
Oh!
[chuckles]
Uh, if you'll excuse us
we got a date with the Jacuzzi.
Oh, oh! Alright, come, let's go!
[laughing]
Aha!
I don't think
we want to use that later on.
Uh‐uh.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Hey, y'all see any flurries
out there?
[scoffs]
It's like spring out there?
Half the town
is hangin' out at the mall
just for the air conditioner.
‐ A mall?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
Actually there are two,
not to mention
several luxury hotels,
couple of restaurants
and a piercing parlor.
I don't get it,
I mean, last time I was here
only thing they had
was a general store
a fillin' station
and a take‐out joint called
Canucky Fried Chicken.
That must have been
before they built
the big amusement park
up the road.
Six Flags over Petawawa?
Well, you just let civilization
try to encroach on
my little Eden
but no one can take away
the Jones family tradition
of choppin' down
its very own Christmas tree.
‐ Nah.
‐ Well, let's go.
All we ever got to do
was assemble ours. Come on!
Hey, come on, y'all, now
how am I supposed to sleep in
if y'all have
all that racket goin' on?
Girl, look, it is
a beautiful day out there.
I mean, you can actually
take a deep breath
without swallowing
something solid.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
Oh. Does that bag say "Sex?"
You bet, it's a half mile
up the road, next to Nieman's.
‐ Nieman's?
‐ 'Mm‐hmm.'
Oh, hold my cars.
I'll be at the mall.
Listen, um..
I'm really sorry about lettin'
that slip out last night.
I, I just assumed
that you knew
your character
was going to be choked to death
by a pregnant octopus.
Wow, Khadijah and I thought
it was gonna be an angry husband
with a blowgun.
[laughing]
Oh, so, um..
So, so you two have,
have talked about this, then.
‐ Oh!
‐ Ooh.
Practically, all night, I mean,
if it wasn't for Khadijah
I'd still be wanderin' around,
feelin' sorry for myself.
‐ Now I'm ready to die.
‐ To die?
[laughing]
‐ 'Die already.'
‐ Khadijah!
(Brent)
'You got me. Oh.'
Thank you for taking the time
to comfort my date.
Oh, well, thank you
for makin' it necessary.
‐ Are these two with you?
‐ Yeah. What's goin' on?
I'm Constable Robeson,
Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Yes, there are black Mounties.
I apprehend
that Ms. James and Mr. Jones
engaged
in the willful destruction
of the Canadian National Forest.
Alright,
you can't make it stick.
You can't give him a citation
on Christmas Eve.
It's Christmas Eve
for trees, too, eh?
Even if they don't celebrate it
as we do.
Oh..
I'm sorry, Obie. Maybe
we can pick up a tree in town.
Nah, it just seems like
all my family traditions
are being stripped away.
I mean, no tree,
no hole in the wall
no badger, no outdoor toilet,
nothin'!
[knocking on door]
Is that your van
parked on the road, Mr. Jones?
You're parked within 300
centimeters of a hydrant, eh.
[door shuts]
[mumbles]
‐ Oh!
♪ We go laughing all the way ♪
♪ Ha ha ha ha ha ♪
[laughing]
You two have been snackin'
on some of those wild mushrooms?
Oh, the woods
have transformed us.
I mean, we were hiking up a hill
and Kyle lost his balance
and I actually reached
out a hand to help him.
[chuckles]
And then
we helped deliver a baby deer
and called him Sunshine.
Oh!
[laughing]
[mumbles]
Hey, what do you say, what do
you say we go into the kitchen
and clear off
one of those counters, you know?
‐ Rrrr..
‐ Okay?
Oh, my!
[indistinct chattering]
Hey, I think you might wanna..
...think about ordering out
tonight.
Ah, don't worry, after I catch
those traditional trout
in the stream outback
I'm gonna sizzle 'em up outdoors
just like my daddy used to.
Your family made traditions
out of pretty much everything.
‐ Didn't they?
‐ Yupper.
Every Christmas Eve,
whoever caught the biggest trout
could choose the first carol.
I never forget
when my cousin Margaret led us
in a disturbing rendition
of "I Shot The Sheriff."
But she did not shoot
the deputy.
[laughs]
Let's go, let's go
catch us some fish. Come on.
‐ Oh.
‐ Ooh! Open up!
Good news, everyone.
Santa Regine has arrived
with a festive Christmas tree.
There's your Shooting Stars!
Yes!
An extra point for
knockin' out the goalies, too.
Yeah. You know, you are amazing.
[chuckles]
Yeah, she is, isn't she?
Oh, Regine.
When did you get back?
Never mind.
‐ Is she upset?
‐ Usually.
What now?
Fishing without a license
and interfering with a Mountie
in the performance
of his duties.
All I did was ask him
if I could try on the hat.
Eh.
And Santa's helpers are here.
You know, all your sweetness
and good cheer
is just ruining Christmas
for all of us.
[laughing]
Care to comment,
my beautiful launderette?
Well, who knew a Canadian
rinse cycle would be so hot?
We going to have
a Santa‐less Christmas this year
'cause there's no way
I'm gonna be Saint Nick in pink.
Besides,
these pants are startin'
to get a little too personal.
Alright. Alright, now.
This should..
This should tide you over
till you get back
to your mama's Christmas duck.
Alright, alright.
Thank you, Deej.
‐ Oh!
‐ Deej?
[scoffs]
So, what the hell
is goin' on here?
I'm goin' home
to see my parents.
I thought your parents
fell into a volcano.
[laughs]
Those
are my character's parents.
I haven't seen mine
since I left the circus
to become an actor.
But, now thanks to Deej
I'm gonna have a nice Christmas
with mom, dad
and the rest of
the flying Washingtons, right?
Thank you
for sending me an angel.
‐ So, I'll talk you, huh?
‐ Alright.
‐ You take care.
‐ Bye, baby.
‐ Call me then.
‐ Love you.
‐ Alright.
Ah! Uh‐huh?
[laughs]
So, so that's how it is, right?
See, see, see,
you can't have a man
so, I can't have one either,
right?
That's how you gonna play me!
Okay, Santa, Santa.
Time to hand out the gifts,
Go, go, go.
‐ Yeah.
‐ What are you talkin' about?
See, first
you just reel Brent in
with your fake charm
and sympathy
and then when you realized
you couldn't hold on to him
with me around
you sent him to the only woman
who could, his mama.
Kyle, electric socks!
Oh, my feet
are forever in your debt.
[laughing]
Regine, you have tripped
right off the planet.
[scoffs]
Overton
this woman is not to receive
my Christmas gift.
‐ Crazy, you bought it for me.
‐ That's it! That's it!
You're supposed to be my friend!
Take it!
I want you to know
that you have just missed out
on one hell of a picture frame!
A laser disc player?
Max, what happened
to our $20 price limit?
Ah, Kyle, with the mountain air
and the wonderful exchange rate
I guess I got carried away.
But, Max,
you made me look like a fool.
‐ I mean, a cheap fool.
‐ Yeah.
This must be returned.
Uh‐uh. That came from the heart.
No, that came from the sick,
twisted place inside of you
that compels you
to upstage everyone.
And you know what?
It's not even top of the line.
Well, neither are you,
you big‐old gas bag.
Oh, wow!
A Cleveland Indians
limited edition
World Series ornament.
Thanks, Synclaire,
you salvaged my Christmas.
[sighs]
Well, ho‐ho‐ho.
‐ Hi.
‐ Sweet pea.
How'd you find me way out here?
I asked around.
You're the only
black, pink Santa in town.
[people screaming]
What's that?
Eh, it's the rollercoaster
over at Six Flags.
The Eviscerator.
Obie, I know
things didn't turn out
exactly the way
you wanted them to
but isn't the important thing
that you're here
with your friends?
Naw.
I mean,
if, if I wanted to be with y'all
I coulda just stayed
in Brooklyn.
Came out here
to recapture somethin'.
I mean,
maybe I was little naive
but over the years
I hung onto the belief
that there was still a place
where every little moment
was perfect.
Well, listen,
I hate to bring you down
but, since you're already
there..
...it seems to me
that your Christmases
were always a little lame.
‐ Lame?
‐ 'Yeah!'
Uncle Tibby puking on a manger?
Cousin Margaret
singing those homicidal carols?
Unwrappin' your training bra
in front
of 15 hootin' cousins.
Oh, oh, wait now.
Ooh, that was
from my childhood.
Alright, maybe I did have
a country‐ass Christmas. But..
Why my memories
feel this sweet and nostalgic?
I told you.
You spent them
with people you love.
So, you're sayin'
one day I'll look back
on this sorry Christmas
with the same fuzzy feelin'?
I hope so.
Mistletoe.
Hm, I'm looking forward
to remembering that one already.
Overton? Obie, man, you alright?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Oh, I see the happy truce
is back in effect.
No, not really.
But you know, after much debate
Broom Hilda and I
came to the conclusion
that it just takes
way too much energy to be nice.
Yes, once Beelzebub and I
started criticizing
each other's gifts
and calling each other name
it kind of rekindled
that old flame, you know?
Christmas miracles
keep on comin'.
Oh. Okay.
Khadijah.
Let me chit and chat with ya.
Listen, uh, I was somewhat
out of line earlier.
Ah, forget it.
Maybe I shouldn't have
mesmerized your man.
You reeled in
an unemployed actor.
Ooh, you really have power.
I don't know how you people
run things in the States
but up here we have
a little thing called respect.
That fire? Illegal.
Ah!
Hey, just write me up, bro.
Come on, man, have a heart.
I have a heart, ma'am
and it's right here
under this badge
and it's hurting.
My dinner date for
the RCMP Christmas Dinner Dance
cancelled on me
but if you'd accompany me
to said event
perhaps I'd consider
downgrading this citation
to a simple in the future..
Watch it.
[chuckles]
Sorry, but I got a date
with that rollercoaster
but perhaps my friend, Regine,
here, would be interested.
No, Khadijah,
I really don't think‐‐
Mm‐hmm.
Is a backless gown appropriate?
I'll pick you up
at 1900 hours, eh?
Eh.
I feel something. Is that snow?
No, that's hail, baby,
that's hail.
‐ Ow!
‐ Ow! Ow!
♪ Oh the weather outside
is frightful ♪
♪ But the fire
is so delightful ♪
♪ And since
we've no place to go ♪
♪ Let it snow
let it snow let it snow ♪
(female narrator)
We'll be right back.
♪ Silent night ♪
♪ Holy night ♪
♪ All is calm ♪
♪ A‐l‐l ♪
♪ Is bright ♪
♪ Round yon virgin ♪
♪ Mother and c‐h‐i‐l‐d ♪
♪ Holy infant ♪
♪ So tender and mild ♪
♪ Sleep in ♪
♪ Heavenly peace ♪
‐ 'Oh.'
‐ 'Oh, Whoa.'
[screaming]
(Khadija)
Whoo‐hoo!!
[woman chuckling]